## Unreleased
 * Updated german locale to latest version from rails-i18n.
 * Use mysql2 gem instead of mysql.

## 1.2.3 (2012-02-10)
 * Updated Modernizr to v2.5.2.
 * Added our fork of "trout" to the Gemfile.
 * Use compass-rails gem (pre-release) instead of requiring it directly from Github. 
 
## 1.2.2 (2012-02-07)
 * Added "Aristo" theme for jQuery UI (via the jquery-rails-aristo gem).
 * Added "da-js" JavaScript library.
 * Updated Modernizr to v2.5.1.

## 1.2.1 (2012-02-03)
 * Add --with-mongoid option to create an app with Mongoid instead of ActiveRecord/MySQL.
 * Use bleeding edge versions of compass and compass-rails to make it work with Rails 3.2.
 * Update gem dependency to Rails 3.2.1.
 
## 1.2.0 (2012-02-03)
 * Updated to use Rails 3.2.1
 * Removed ie6 and ie7 stylesheets.
 * Removed jQuery-UI (already contained in jquery-rails).
 * Switched from akephalos to capybara-webkit.
 
## 1.1.0 (2011-10-12)

### New / Changed
 * Updated to use Rails 3.1.1:
 ** Removed sprockets and jrails (no longer needed)
 * ie6.css and ie7.css instead of only one common ie.css (inspired by Formtastic)
 * Switched from Hoptoad Notifier to Airbrake.
 * Pass in REPO to specify the da-suspenders repo (defaults to local dir for testing).

## 1.0.3 (2011-06-10)

### Fixed
 * Explicit dependency on Rails 3.0.7 in gemspec.


## 1.0.2 (2011-06-10)

### New / Changed
 * Additional entries in Gemfile (all commented out by default): Devise, CanCan, CarrierWave, RMagick.
 * Localized labels for will_paginate.
 * Updated gems: Rails (3.0.7), Compass (0.11.1), Formtastic (1.2.3).
 * Explicit dependency on rake 0.8.7 (to avoid problems with rake 0.9.x).
 
### Fixed
 * Fixed missing version requirement for will_paginate.


## 1.0.1 (2011-02-16)

### New / Changed
 * Timestamped migrations are now disabled per default.
 * Inject code into `features/support/paths.rb` (generated by Cucumber) to enable literal paths like `/foo/bar/2` in web steps.
 
### Fixed
 * Fixed link to the internet explorer stylesheet (generated by Sass) in `app/views/layouts/application.html.erb`.
 * Fixed deprecation warnings because of <% %> style block helpers.


## 1.0.0 (2011-02-14)
 * Initial Release